Grommash plays an important part in the new expansion, and its appearance
it had to reflect this role. Players will love it.
What stimulates me the most is allowing me to show
to our fans how an Orc is made up close.
If he seems alive and ready to attack you, then we have reached our goal.
He is an incredible character. Every time we make one of these projects for Blizzard
in the end we are always proud of the result.
Represents a sculptor's dream.
- We will never be slaves!
Grommash has been present in the history of Warcraft for a long time.
We must give this statue a truly epic appearance.
The first thing we do is build the maquette, the form model.
It is a preliminary sculpture that shows the essence of the final product.
Normally these are drafts, but sometimes they are completely complete,
as in the case of Grommash.
We decided to use my maquette because
it is in a pose that seems to be screaming at you.
I am very excited at the thought of Steve's work.
I'm Steve Wang and these are the Alliance Studios.
We create concept art, 3D sculptures, printing and digital modeling ...
the whole process to create statues for video game companies.
We have been working with Blizzard for about 10 years.
The first project for Blizzard that I made was Nova.
Then there were Illidan, Kerrigan, Jim Raynor and Tyrael.
The work of Steve Wang and his staff is superb.
We have been working together for about 10 years.
A different experience, with the same level of commitment and pursuit of quality,
but now he has a fully equipped studio and is one of the best artists in the world.
He started using a lot of 3D technology and now
can work in the right environment, which guarantees a better result.
We scanned the maquette, so Eddie processed it
and we printed it with the right proportions
to have a sort of physical reference in scale of the sculpture.
Now we will build the armor, that is the skeleton of the sculpture.
How long do you think it will take to build it?
We have calculated about 4 months.
In the next two weeks we will have to study and create the internal framework.
It will take another two weeks to start work.
Hey, look how big it is! - It will be epic!
Today let's look at the skeleton of Hellscream,
full version and full size,
to better understand the proportions and the height.
We designed the skeleton in CAD and separated all the pieces,
to create them individually and then weld them together.
This is a good representation of what we are going to build.
I don't want it to look too small. Initially I was worried
because he was bent and seeing only the skeleton
I didn't know the complete mass.
I want you to inspire a sense of command and not get lost in the crowd.
I think people use it as a meeting place.
Looking at him, I think it's better to raise him a little.
Just to make it even more impressive.
Here, I believe this is the ideal height.
The thing that has always struck me most about Steve is that
create these incredible sculptures and then I come and tell them:
"Hey, we have to stretch this particular" and I expect him to react badly, saying:
"What do you want me to do to my beautiful sculpture?!?"
Instead he takes the knife and starts scratching the surface
of an almost finished sculpture, and says: "I have to cut here and here ..."
He is very professional in his work.
He knows perfectly well that, to get the best result, there is no excuse:
you do what you need to do.
After working with Nick for 10 years and knowing his tastes,
I know he cares about every little detail.
We are ready. It will be a real challenge,
but it will also be a lot of fun.
The base is beautiful.
It makes it even more impressive. You see the demon he killed,
which tells the story of how the Orcs were enslaved.
And now he is above the demon, as if declaring his superiority.
It has been shrunk, isn't it?
When we made the Mannoroth maquette it was torn to pieces.
shrunken and placed under Grommash's feet. I thought it wouldn't work
because in the movie this part is not seen.
There is only him who falls from above, but then the video is cut.
There will be smoke coming out of the mouth, right?
It will come out of the teeth. You'll see, it will be spectacular.
An eye animation will give the idea that they are closing, as if they were dying.
Oh, great!
Yeah, very nice. - We will also work on that.
It will be great to see each other!
In a project like this there is a great deal of elements:
pieces of armor, the ax that holds ...
All these pieces are made individually
and then they are taken and mounted on the final sculpture.
It's about managing the timing.
If you plan well in advance and all departments are ready at the same time,
production is optimized.
The progress that Steve and his team are making is incredible.
The speed with which they are able to create products of this quality
it's something you've never seen before.
Oh God!
There is a story behind every piece of armor,
every clothing item: aging tells the story.
I hope World of Warcraft fans can recognize all the stories
who lived this character. It would be wonderful.
How beautiful. Already!
I can't wait for the world to admire it.
When we show it at BlizzCon it will be a moment
really special.